Today we will practice our I/O manipulation skill.

Exercise 1:

Read a text file full of double values and convert it into a binary file.
Write a code that converts it back to double values as a text file.

Exercise 2:

Download a book from project gutenburg and find the number of occurences of the following:

-> two consecutive vowels
-> a specific letter followed immediately by the same letter
-> a pair of letters seperated by atleast 'm' and atmost 'n' characters

Try this first on a small piece of text to verify the correctness.

Exercise 3:

Consider the following text:

"Now the way that the book winds up is this: Tom and me found the money that the robbers
hid in the cave, and it made us rich. We got six thousand dollars apiece -- all gold.
It was an awful sight of money when it was piled up. Well, Judge Thatcher he took it
and put it out at interest, and it fetched us a dollar a day apiece all the year
round -- more than a body could tell what to do with. The Widow Douglas she took me
for her son, and allowed she would sivilize me; but it was rough living in the house
all the time, considering how dismal regular and decent the widow was in all her ways;
and so when I couldn't stand it no longer I lit out. I got into my old rags and my
sugar-hogshead again, and was free and satisfied. But Tom Sawyer he hunted me up
and said he was going to start a band of robbers, and I might join if I would go
back to the widow and be respectable. So I went back."

This text can also be found as "adventures.txt".

Now if I take the word : "computer"

Encode it such that I only find the position of each character in the text and make sure
that each position is atleast seperated by 10 characters from the previous position.

My output will be :

101 133 200 218 236 253 282 314
C   O   M   P   U   T   E   R

Now write a program that takes a word from the user as an input and encode it as following:

-> All letters must be converted to positions
-> The output must be just the positions seperated by space
-> The positions must follow one specific rule : they must be seperated by atleast 10 characters.
-> If it is unable to complete the word - print error message and exit

Write a program that does the opposite - takes in a code and decodes it to the word.

Excercise 4 - obligatory - must be submitted in its first version before 9/10 and OK'ed by me
before 16/10.

On http://bradconte.com/md5_c you will find an C implementation of the MD5-algorith.
The code you'll find here does also include an example on how to use it. Test the code
and the example (use the makefile from leksjon2.zip that allows for more than one
source file in a program).

Then make a small program that does the following:

md5 -add <filename> 	- Calculate the MD5 checksum of the file (named filename) and
			  add it as a binary blob at the end of the file.

md5 -test <filename>	- Calculate the MD5 checksum of the file and test if the checksum
			  at the end of the file is the correct one.

md5 -strip <filename>	- Same as test, but strip off the checksum at the end of the file.



